

1) Recruiting slogan, A/B Testing:

FLAWS: It seems that the experiment does not randomize its sampling method. There is no evedince that the two groups are similar to 
       population. And also the number of attepts do not sound enough to conclude the result. 

CORRECTIONS: Reviewing the sampling methods is necessory to make sure on a demographic/psychographic profile of the typical captive 
             droid recruit. The conclusion should be done after many attemps to make sure the attemps' resuls are the same. If there is
	     is not more subjects for doing more attemps, it is better to do experiment with smaller groups in many times. 



2) Public relations, A/B Testing:

FLAWS: The friendly and unfreindly planets are not assigned fairly to Jar Jar and Mace, so their results cannot be compared correctly.
       In Fact, Mace did a better job because had to make friends between unfreindly side of the population.

CORRECTIONS: The Jedi should give both envoys equal samples that means 2 freindly and 2 unfreindly planets to each. In this case the
	     envoys have same oportunity to show their ability for the job. The Jedi can compare the results just by giving the envoys 
	     similar samples.



3) Employee satisfaction rates, A/A Testing: 

FLAWS: The experiment doesn't account for the functional concentration differences by worksite. The resulting workload impacts, or 
       other country-related factors that may be influencing employee satisfaction. The calculated averages cannot be correctly 
       compared because they are biased for non equal distribution in different countries.

CORRECTIONS: We can introduce other measurement factors in our experiment like job invironment and environment satisfaction,and 
             copmpare the averages considering these factors. We can also seperate the population in groups with common departments 
             and common worksites, Then calculate their statistics and compare them to have clear results. 



4) Happy Days Fitness Tracker app, A/A Testing: 

FLAWS: The experiment include bias because it is obvious that at beginning of gym activities everybody's physical activity level rises
       steadly. It is a false positive, and the fitness claims on a wrong factor.  

CORRECTIONS: The fitness should claim on other extracted results from its app like average number of people who stay in long period, 
             and members satisfaction. They may consider measurment of physical activity level during a certain time.



5) Three versions of a test, A/B Testing: 

FLAWS: Althogh the distribution of test seems to be random, but students have choice to seat anywhere they want. In this case, a groub 
       of students with the same version of test may seat close together and cheat. So, the result can be influenced by cheating and
       not just difficulty level of that version. The number of tries to conclude the result might not be enough.


CORRECTIONS: The best way to distribute different versions of a test in a systematic distribution. Teacher should use this method
             to make sure that cheating will not happen. In that case, he or she can conclude correctly the results. Also teacher 
             may try the experiment another time for another class or group of student to compare the results and conclude more 
             accurate.


