
1)	Does a new supplement help people sleep better?
First we select a group of people who are willing to participate in the experience and survey them. We try to do our selection 
randomly in a way that include all diversities like female and male in various age categories. Then We divide the selection in 
two group of samples. The sample group which use the supplement and the sample group which do not. Then we ask them to tell us 
about their experience. Our hypothesis is that the supplement will help people sleep better, and we can find it out from people 
responses who used the supplement and reported that how long lass takes to fall sleep. Other measurement variables can be the 
total time they sleep and the quality of their sleep if they with supplement sleep more and better. 


2)	Will new uniforms help a gym’s business?
We start to collect data for new gym’s registration a period of time for example a month while we give new members the old uniforms.
After that period we start to give new members the new uniforms and keep track of the data about number of new members. Our 
hypothesis is that the new uniforms that have a better design will interest people and bring them more for registration. Then we can
compare the numbers of new member for each month. While we collecting the data regard to our members, we can observe that each member
how many times during a week comes to gym, does absent, or leaves the gym.  

3)	Will a new homepage improve my online exotic pet rental business?
First we choose two periods of time that have the same conditions. For example two week of a regular season which are not under 
influence of any event or holiday. Then we collect the data regard to the homepage’s visitors on the old version. For the second week
we launch the new version of the homepage, and collet data of visitors. We expect that the new version is going to bring us more 
customers. If the number of customer gets higher with the new homepage, that means the new version in the better one. We can also 
observe other factors of people behavior regard to our business homepage. For example number of visits, spending time on the homepage,
and number of clicks can be compared between two versions of the homepage.


4)	If I put 'please read' in the email subject will more people read my emails?
We split the random selected email addresses in two different group, and we send our email to each group one with ‘Please Read’ 
and one without. We expect that more people respond to the email with ‘Please Read’. If more people respond that means that the email
with ‘Please Read’ get more their attention. We can also look for other data regard to our email marketing like number of people who
read but do not respond, and number of opt-outs.
